[IMP] pos: add tip usable decimal separator (#1783)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/sales/point_of_sale/overview/getting_started.rst

method and enter the received amount. Then, you can validate the
payment.

> .. tip::
>    You can use both `,` and `.` as decimal separator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. tip::
   You can use both `,` and `.` on your keyboard as decimal separators.
```
- on your keyboard
- separators plural?
